Let's continue working on this ticket show component.
So inside of here, we need to implement a get initial props function so we can load up some information
about the ticket that we're trying to display to the user.
So we'll add in a ticket show, get initial props.
This will be an async function.
And then we're going to receive the first two arguments of context and client.
So context is going to be a very important argument in this case.
The reason for that is that whenever we navigate to this ticket show component, we're going to have
that ID inside the URL and we need to extract that ID so that we can understand exactly what ticket
we're trying to fetch information about to extract that ID.
We're going to take ticket ID from context dot query.
We are specifically pulling out a property called Ticket ID because that is what we named this file.
So whatever you name the file inside those square brackets, that is the query or part of the query
that is going to be extracted.
So now that ticket ID, we can take it and use it to make a request off to our API, specifically the
ticket service.
The endpoint that we're going to try to reach out to.
We take a look at our ticket service really quickly is the show route.
So we need to make a get request to API tickets and then the actual ID.
So I'm going to extract data.
From a weight Lionsgate and we'll use a template string here so make sure you got the back ticks API
tickets ticket ID.
And then we can return a object here.
I'm going to assign data to the ticket property.
So very similar to what we just saw inside of our index file or the landing page.
This object right here is now going to be merged into all the different props that are provided to ticket
show.
So we can structure out just ticket and that's going to be whatever we just got back from our API.
So then inside the component, we can start to show information from that ticket.
Let's empty out that div.
I'm going to replace it with an H one.
Inside the H one.
Let's put in just some information about the ticket.
So how about.
The tickets title.
Maybe I will also show an H for.
But the price I'll put in ticket price.
And that should be at least enough for us to get started with.
So I'm going to save this.
I'll flip back over.
And there we go.
I've got my title and my price.
Okay.
Well, that was easy enough.
So what is the real goal of this component?
Remember, the real goal of ticket show is to present a button to the user that they can click to purchase
this ticket.
Now, when we say purchase a ticket, what we're really talking about here is creating an order.
Remember, that is how a user expresses the intent to purchase a ticket inside of our app.
So we need to show a button that says something like purchase whenever a user clicks that we're going
to make a request to our back end, specifically the orders service and attempt to create an order referencing
this ticket.
So let's get to it.
The first thing we probably need inside of here is a button element, something for the user to click
on.
I'll put in a button with the class name of BTN.
BTN primary.
And inside the button, I'll give it some text of purchase, just like we saw in the mockup.
So now we need to make sure that whenever a user clicks on this thing, we make request to our order
service.
Once again, let's get a quick reminder on how we create an order by taking a quick glance at that order
So going to find order, service, CRC routes and then new dots.
So to create a new order, we're going to make a post request to API slash orders and all we really
have to do here is include the ticket ID.
That's pretty much it.
Well, this should be pretty straightforward.
So back inside of our components, we're going to once again import that use request hook that we had
previously created.
We will make use of the hook at the top of the component.
Remember, that's going to give us that do request function that we can then call at any future point
in time to run the request.
So at the top I'm going to import, use, request.
From up to directories.
Folks use request.
Then inside of the component.
I'll get my due request function and the possible errors object.
From calling it use request.
And then remember to use requests we have to pass in the URL, the body, the method, and on success.
So our URL in this case.
Will the API orders.
The method will be simply post.
Our body is going to be the ID of the ticket that we want to purchase.
So ticket ID is ticket ID.
And then finally on success.
Right now, we'll take the actual order that gets sent back to us.
So remember on success is going to be invoked with whatever response we get back from the request.
So in this case, hopefully it will be the order that was created.
And then right now we'll just do a simple console log of that order.
And finally, right above this button, we'll display the errors.
So again, that's only if there is something wrong or something went wrong with the request.
And then on the button itself, we'll put it on an on click.
So anytime someone clicks this button, we will invoke due request.
So I will call due request.
Really important here.
Remember, we are providing a reference to the do request function so that it can be called at some
future point in time.
So we do not want to have any parentheses on this thing.
If you put parentheses on this, then do request will be called the instant this component is first
rendered.
So no parentheses just do request by itself.
All right.
I think this looks good.
I think we're ready for another test.
I'm going to save it.
I'll flip back over.
So there's my button.
I'm going to pull open my network request log.
And I'll hit purchase.
Well, it looks like the request went off.
I got back a status 201, which indicates that an order was created.
And if I take a look at my console as well, I'll see the order printed out right here.
This looks great.
Now do keep in mind that the ticket corresponding to this has now been reserved in theory at least.
Hopefully, everything on the back end is actually working.
So if I now try to create another order right away, I should probably see an error message, something
that says that the ticket is already reserved.
So if we want to now create another order around this ticket, we're going to have to wait for the first
order to time out, which right now we have encoded as being about 60 seconds.
So if I were to wait around for another 30 seconds or so, I should be able to hit purchase again and
see a second order created because the first one will have had expired.
All right.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
Good progress.
We're going to take another pause right here.
When we come back in the next video, we'll make sure that after we successfully create the order,
we then navigate the user over to a page that's going to show details about the order and tell the user
how much longer they have to actually pay the order.